The process of formulating a problem, finding a solution, and expressing the solution.
A programming language like Python that is designed to be easy for humans to read and write.
A programming language that is designed to be easy for a computer to execute; also called “machine language” or “assembly language.”
A property of a program that can run on more than one kind of computer. 
To execute a program in a high-level language by translating it one line at a time.
To translate a program written in a high-level language into a low-level language all at once, in preparation for later execution.
A program in a high-level language before being compiled.
The output of the compiler after it translates the program.
Another name for object code that is ready to be executed.
Characters displayed by the interpreter to indicate that it is ready to take input from the user.
A program stored in a file (usually one that will be interpreted).
A way of using the Python interpreter by typing commands and expressions at the prompt.
A way of using the Python interpreter to read and execute statements in a script.
A set of instructions that specifies a computation.
A general process for solving a category of problems.
An error in a program.
The process of finding and removing any of the three kinds of programming errors.
The structure of a program.
An error in a program that makes it impossible to parse (and therefore impossible to interpret).
An error that is detected while the program is running.
The meaning of a program.
An error in a program that makes it do something other than what the programmer intended.
Any one of the languages that people speak that evolved naturally.
Any one of the languages that people have designed for specific pur- poses, such as representing mathematical ideas or computer programs; all program- ming languages are formal languages.
One of the basic elements of the syntactic structure of a program, analogous to a word in a natural language.
To examine a program and analyze the syntactic structure.
An instruction that causes the Python interpreter to display a value on the screen.